Google Dorks List

Google Dorks is just a funny name for advanced Google searches (aka, queries). What's novel about these is that they are constructed in a way that leverages the power of Google's search database and query engine to find specific information that doesn't normally bubble up to the top of query results. By using advanced search parameters, we're able to look for juicy information that enables us to discover helpful or even sensitive information about our client (target) during our social engineering operation.

There are ENDLESS possibilities and combinations here and this list serves as a foundation only. Please see the Google Dorks Reference list following this lesson.


Google Dork Syntax

Shown below is an example of the syntax of a Dork. Pay attention to what comes after the 'q' in the string below. From this example, you should note SITE as the first parameter which directs Google to limit the search to redteamsecure.com. Additionally, note '+' sign connecting to the second search parameter. The second search parameter uses the FILETYPE parameter, which directs Google to only search for PDF files.

http://www.google.com/search?q=SITE:redteamsecure.com+FILETYPE:pdf 


Dorks You Should Use

Searching for documents by filetype on a target domain name. We use the filetype and site parameters during every social engineering campaign. The following example can be used to search for publicly available files on the target's domain name. Often times there is a great deal of information about the company structure, leadership, services, technologies and sometimes even usernames and passwords. Whether it's passwords or merely an org chart, you never know what you'll discover. The rule of thumb is... keep everything you find because you never know when it will become useful.

Search for Files on a Domain Name

Finds PDFs hosted on the redteamsecure.com domain
EXAMPLE:  site:redteamsecure.com.com filetype:pdf

Available file types to search: 

    TXT = Text files
    PPT = PowerPoint files
    EML = Email files
    DOC, DOCX = Word files
    XLS, XLSX = Excel files
    PDF = Adobe PDF files
    LOG = Log files
    INC = Include files
    PASS = Password files


Search for Specific Keywords in Body of a Document

Find a keyword of your choosing in the body of a document. In most of these cases, the body of a webpage. As always, use the SITE search parameter to limit the results to your target domain name.

Finds 'password.txt'
EXAMPLE:  intext:"Index of /" +password.txt

Finds 'passwd'
EXAMPLE:  intext:"Index of /" +passwd 

Finds admin backdoors or admin login pages
EXAMPLE:  intext:"Index of /admin"


